results.md, before:

# Benchmarking Results

All functions were run once before

Initialisation: `s = read("big_english.txt", String)`

## `get_word_pairs`

This returns a `6217852-element Vector{Tuple{String, String, String}}`.

For example:
```julia
 ("The", "Project", "f")
 ("The", "Gutenberg", "f")
 ("The", "EBook", "f")
 ("Project", "The", "b")
 ("Project", "Gutenberg", "f")
 ⋮
```

Benchmarking results:
```julia
julia> @btime get_word_pairs(s, 3);
  1.371 ms (1 allocation: 32 bytes)

julia> @benchmark get_word_pairs(s, 3)
BenchmarkTools.Trial: 2801 samples with 1 evaluation.
 Range (min … max):  1.356 ms … 52.053 ms  ┊ GC (min … max): 0.00% … 0.00%
 Time  (median):     1.555 ms              ┊ GC (median):    0.00%
 Time  (mean ± σ):   1.763 ms ±  1.527 ms  ┊ GC (mean ± σ):  0.00% ± 0.00%

   ▁██▇▆▅▄▄▃▂▂▁▁▁  ▁                                         ▁
  ▆████████████████████▆▇██▅▇▆▇▅▆▆▅▆▅▄▆▄▄▅▇▅▁▅▅▄▄▃▁▁▁▅▁▄▄▁▄▆ █
  1.36 ms      Histogram: log(frequency) by time     4.06 ms <

 Memory estimate: 32 bytes, allocs estimate: 1.
```

## `get_word_pairs2`

Took too long (may review later).

## `get_ngrams2`

This returns a `Dict{String, Int64} with 699809 entries`.

For example:
```julia
  "a sharp pull"               => 1
  "was a time"                 => 1
  "Boris to tell"              => 1
  ", my coachman"              => 1
  "morning finding fault"      => 1
  ⋮                            => ⋮
```

Benchmarking results:
```julia
julia> @btime get_ngrams2(s, 3);
  11.821 s (30432359 allocations: 2.46 GiB)

julia> @benchmark get_ngrams2(s, 3)
BenchmarkTools.Trial: 1 sample with 1 evaluation.
 Single result which took 11.403 s (5.95% GC) to evaluate,
 with a memory estimate of 2.46 GiB, over 30432359 allocations.
```

## `get_ngrams`

This is my attempt at improving performance.

The first thing I did is merge `ngramizenew` and `everygram`, and `get_ngrams`, as there were some parts of these functions that were unnecessary if we are going to use them together anyway (e.g., temporary arrays which we then append, and computing the length of the input multiple times, and within a look effectively.  As we are also always setting `min_len` and `max_len` to the same number, I made it a single parameter.  Finally, I made this function slightly more type-stable.

With regard to the `get_ngrams` function specifically&mdash;which was based on your `get_ngrams2` function&mdash;I merged two loops, as the initial `Vector` was only used once, which was in the construction of the `Dict` in the second loop, in which I also created the ngrams.

Another thing I would prefer to use is Julia 1.8's new feature, `eachsplit`.  Because we are splitting the whole corpus into lines, the resulting vector would potentially require a lot of memory to store.  Therefore, for no significant cost to the run-time, we use `eachsplit` to iterate over the splits of the corpus.  That said...if you're not worried about memory, feel free to change it back to using `split`.

This function produces the same code as `get_ngrams2`, but is a bit faster.  Benchmarking results:
```julia
julia> @btime get_ngrams(s, 3);
  9.318 s (29623167 allocations: 2.38 GiB)

julia> @benchmark get_ngrams(s, 3)
BenchmarkTools.Trial: 1 sample with 1 evaluation.
 Single result which took 8.966 s (6.63% GC) to evaluate,
 with a memory estimate of 2.38 GiB, over 29623167 allocations.
```

## `get_ngrams_alt`

This function will return a `Dict`, similar to above, but where the keys are `Tuple`s of `String`s:
```julia
("proportion", "of", "cases")        => 7
("shouts", "of", "the")              => 4
("reports", ",", "while")            => 1
("of", ",", "364")                   => 2
("no", "reply", ".")                 => 7
  ⋮                                  => ⋮
```

Commit message:

get_ngrams_dictionary()
Benchmarking and comparing get_ngrams() and get_ngrams_dictionary()

results.md, after:

# Benchmarking Results

All functions were run once before

Initialisation: `s = read("big_english.txt", String)`

## `get_word_pairs`

This returns a `6217852-element Vector{Tuple{String, String, String}}`.

For example:
```julia
 ("The", "Project", "f")
 ("The", "Gutenberg", "f")
 ("The", "EBook", "f")
 ("Project", "The", "b")
 ("Project", "Gutenberg", "f")
 ⋮
```

Benchmarking results:
```julia
julia> @btime get_word_pairs(s, 3);
  1.371 ms (1 allocation: 32 bytes)

julia> @benchmark get_word_pairs(s, 3)
BenchmarkTools.Trial: 2801 samples with 1 evaluation.
 Range (min … max):  1.356 ms … 52.053 ms  ┊ GC (min … max): 0.00% … 0.00%
 Time  (median):     1.555 ms              ┊ GC (median):    0.00%
 Time  (mean ± σ):   1.763 ms ±  1.527 ms  ┊ GC (mean ± σ):  0.00% ± 0.00%

   ▁██▇▆▅▄▄▃▂▂▁▁▁  ▁                                         ▁
  ▆████████████████████▆▇██▅▇▆▇▅▆▆▅▆▅▄▆▄▄▅▇▅▁▅▅▄▄▃▁▁▁▅▁▄▄▁▄▆ █
  1.36 ms      Histogram: log(frequency) by time     4.06 ms <

 Memory estimate: 32 bytes, allocs estimate: 1.
```

## `get_word_pairs2`

Took too long (may review later).

## `get_ngrams2`

This returns a `Dict{String, Int64} with 699809 entries`.

For example:
```julia
  "a sharp pull"               => 1
  "was a time"                 => 1
  "Boris to tell"              => 1
  ", my coachman"              => 1
  "morning finding fault"      => 1
  ⋮                            => ⋮
```

Benchmarking results:
```julia
julia> @btime get_ngrams2(s, 3);
  11.821 s (30432359 allocations: 2.46 GiB)

julia> @benchmark get_ngrams2(s, 3)
BenchmarkTools.Trial: 1 sample with 1 evaluation.
 Single result which took 11.403 s (5.95% GC) to evaluate,
 with a memory estimate of 2.46 GiB, over 30432359 allocations.
```

## `get_ngrams`

This is my attempt at improving performance.

The first thing I did is merge `ngramizenew` and `everygram`, and `get_ngrams`, as there were some parts of these functions that were unnecessary if we are going to use them together anyway (e.g., temporary arrays which we then append, and computing the length of the input multiple times, and within a look effectively.  As we are also always setting `min_len` and `max_len` to the same number, I made it a single parameter.  Finally, I made this function slightly more type-stable.

With regard to the `get_ngrams` function specifically&mdash;which was based on your `get_ngrams2` function&mdash;I merged two loops, as the initial `Vector` was only used once, which was in the construction of the `Dict` in the second loop, in which I also created the ngrams.

Another thing I would prefer to use is Julia 1.8's new feature, `eachsplit`.  Because we are splitting the whole corpus into lines, the resulting vector would potentially require a lot of memory to store.  Therefore, for no significant cost to the run-time, we use `eachsplit` to iterate over the splits of the corpus.  That said...if you're not worried about memory, feel free to change it back to using `split`.

This function produces the same code as `get_ngrams2`, but is a bit faster.  Benchmarking results:
```julia
julia> @btime get_ngrams(s, 3);
  9.318 s (29623167 allocations: 2.38 GiB)

julia> @benchmark get_ngrams(s, 3)
BenchmarkTools.Trial: 1 sample with 1 evaluation.
 Single result which took 8.966 s (6.63% GC) to evaluate,
 with a memory estimate of 2.38 GiB, over 29623167 allocations.
```

## `get_ngrams_dictionary`

The `get_ngrams_dictionary()` function accepts a dictionary of type `Dictionary`, implemented by `Dictionary.jl`. Benchmarking results do not show a big difference, although there is a slight improvement on time and allocations, although am not so sure how these changes will scale. I guess we would need to check with far more data to be able to say something more definitive. However, am confident that by using the `Dictionary` type, things are much more convenient, as far as I saw.

```julia
julia> @btime get_ngrams(s,3)
  6.842 s (29623167 allocations: 2.38 GiB)
Dict{String, Int64} with 699809 entries:
  "a sharp pull"          => 1
  "was a time"            => 1
  "Boris to tell"         => 1
  ", my coachman"         => 1
  "morning finding fault" => 1
  "countess watched the"  => 1
  ⋮                       => ⋮
  
julia> @btime get_ngrams2(s,3)  
  6.454 s (29623188 allocations: 2.33 GiB)
699809-element Dictionary{String, Int64}
       "The Project Gutenberg" │ 1
     "Project Gutenberg EBook" │ 5
          "Gutenberg EBook of" │ 5
                             ⋮ │ ⋮
  "PROJECT GUTENBERG LITERARY" │ 1
  "GUTENBERG LITERARY ARCHIVE" │ 1
 "LITERARY ARCHIVE FOUNDATION" │ 1
```


## `get_ngrams_alt`

This function will return a `Dict`, similar to above, but where the keys are `Tuple`s of `String`s:
```julia
("proportion", "of", "cases")        => 7
("shouts", "of", "the")              => 4
("reports", ",", "while")            => 1
("of", ",", "364")                   => 2
("no", "reply", ".")                 => 7
  ⋮                                  => ⋮
```
